you drive very consciously in a skoda there you are proud and economical on a smart
choices that you want to enjoy for a long time
therefore choose high for smart maintenance of skoda
skoda maintenance
there is a simple way to keep a skoda in top condition
professional and regular maintenance
when you have your car serviced by a skoda dealer
I am not only assured of a car that drives like new but also of
a longer service life and a higher residual value
at skoda you can choose from two variants
fixed or long live maintenance
both consist of a basic turn
always depends on age and mileage
possible packages for spark plugs aex over additional inspections
what is the difference between fixed and long live maintenance
with fast maintenance you get every year whether there is also a 15,000 kilometer alternately
of large or small maintenance servers
the best choice if you want to have your car checked every year or if you have one
want to pay a lower price for maintenance
with long live maintenance also called variable maintenance
geertje skoda himself when a service is needed
after two years of contraction, mizzi has previously driven a maximum of 30,000 kilometers
that depends on your driving style and driving behavior
an unwise turn is more expensive because more inspections are needed and one
high-quality and therefore more expensive oil is used
but you can then also advance a land mine again
long live is the best choice when as little as possible for maintenance but you
that the world
and want to pay a lower price per kilometer
go for maintenance after your skoda dealer because at skoda all maintenance is done
carried out by specialists
we only use original parts including a two-year warranty
you are entitled to mobility service skoda's free breakdown assistance and we are
always clear about the costs so never surprises afterwards
schedule an appointment through the online workshop schedule at skoda point nl or
via the free kodak service and
well viewed the skoda dealer
centric ceuta